Dad, why are you here?
Phoenix, what's wrong with you?
Why did you hit your brother?
Dad, he killed me to inherit the family fortune.
I just hit him.
I've been very kind.
What's wrong with him?
Manxiong killed you, how did he change?
Phoenix, have you misunderstood?
Vu Feng is your younger brother.
How could he kill you?
Tiger family
Come in.
Come on.
Mr. Qin
The young master is right.
This boy dared to bribe my people, Asen.
I want to kill the Master.
This is the only way he can inherit his family.
Fortunately, I was caught and stopped in time.
Otherwise, it's just this animal.
He's your brother.
Buy books to hurt him.
You, you for my husband
Dear, you don't have to be confused.
Don't hit him again.
He's your son anyway.
Dad, he's not your son.